Well, I think there's a lot of
similarities as a racing driver in no
particular order. Uh, you need to be a
great communicator. You need to be a
great listener. You need to have a huge
amount of trust in your team. Racing's
life or death when you're sitting in the
racing car. And maybe business isn't
quite life or death, but you, you know,
it feels like it is. You have to have
the best technology, the best equipment
around you. When you kind of list all
the things that you have to do to be a
great racing driver, I think those are
all the things you need to do to be a
great CEO.
This week on Bold Names, we have none
other than Zack Brown, CEO of McLaren
Racing, which is having one of its
winningest seasons in history. And he
has a new book out where he dishes.
Yeah, that's right. It's called 7/10en
of a Second, and it is packed full of
lessons from the racetrack and from his
experience running a company generating
more than $700 million in sales each
year. we get into the drama, the
intensity, the on and off track
politics, all of that this week on Bold
Names. Let's get into the conversation
now. So, Zach, welcome to the pod and uh
today you're in London and uh unusually
we are in New York instead of on our uh
usual respective coasts. And um you
know, I'm going to bet that most people
listening to this, they're already a
fan. They already know you pretty well
by now. But for the listeners who don't
know everything that's been going on in
2025, I just want to list
>> for my mother basically [laughter]
>> is our number one fan. I just want to
list uh what what's going on in 2025
because as you know it's huge, right?
You guys have already uh sewed up the
constructor's championship. So that's by
team points for Formula 1.
>> It's McLaren's night. They have won the
constructor's championship, the largest
trophy at the end of the season. There
will be celebrations for Zack Brown.
Your two drivers have been battling each
other for the drivers title thanks to
the popularity of the Netflix show Drive
to Survive.
>> Formula 1 has never been bigger. And
your memoir just came out, right? Can we
I don't know if we can call it a memoir
if that's too French because we're all
Americans here. But I just have to say
when I line it all up like that, how
does it feel to be Zack Brown right now?
>> Busy. Busy. Exciting. Stressful. All the
above. But uh most importantly, I'm
having a a great time hanging out with
all the men and women here at uh
McLaren. We're having fun, which I think
is important in in business, in life,
but not to be mistaken for deadly
serious when those lights go out and you
go racing. We're in one tough industry.
>> Well, you know, you see that drama in
the show on the Netflix show. And I'm
curious, you know, what has that show
done for the sport, the entertainment of
F1?
>> I mean, it's done wonders for our sport.
So, I'll start there. And I don't think
any of us envisioned the size of impact
that Netflix uh put on our, you know,
what's always been a great sport. They
just did an unbelievable job of exposing
our our sport and a lot of the areas in
which we didn't allow people in before.
But the sport's always been fascinating.
It's always been political. It's always
been 20 of the the coolest racing
drivers in the world, big money sport,
politics. But we never let anyone see
that before. What Netflix has done is
where did the sport need to grow in no
particular order. It needed to grow in
North America from a geographic
standpoint. Thank you Netflix. We now
have three Grand Pris America and a new
Apple deal, etc., etc. It's a major
sport in North America. We needed more
women. 75% of the new fans that have
come into the sport are women in and
youth. And those were the two uh
demographics that we we needed. So uh
the sport Yeah. has never been
healthier. I think Netflix has done a
great job of capturing how sport how
cool our sports always been. We just
never kind of let people in. So if you
were a diehard petrol head, you loved
our sport. That's how I grew up. But you
didn't really, if you didn't follow it,
understand how it all worked and the
politics. Welcome Netflix. you know,
pull back the curtain and people are
fascinated. And now sports never been uh
healthier and I don't see any reason why
it's not going to just go from strength
to strength.
>> Yeah. I blame you guys for uh when my
son was 11, I asked him what he wanted
to do for a job. He's like, "Race car
driver."
>> I was like, "All right, God."
>> Expensive sport, beware. [laughter]
>> Well, one of the things you do really
well in the book, uh, is you you you
create this thread. Uh, so it's a
business book, but it's also your
personal life story to understand how
you got to where you were at. And so
there's life lessons and business
lessons that are learned. So Mims and I
thought it would be great to kind of try
to pull on some of that thread here for
our listeners, take them on this
journey.
>> Yeah. As you do in the book, we want to
do that in this pod.
>> So I'd like to absolutely
>> So I'd like to take you back to 2016
when you went to McLaren. eventually
became the CEO and the McLaren Racing
was in a tough situation. It was close
to bankruptcy. It wasn't winning. There
were a lot of people that were skeptical
that you were the right guy to bring in.
Uh they thought you were maybe a
marketing guy because that's where you
had come out of, right? The marketing
business.
>> Yeah. They called you a suit, right?
You're an American. You're an outsider,
>> right? And so I wonder if you could tell
us what you learned from being an
outsider to the sport and succeeding
despite those kind of hurdles.
>> Yeah, it kind of feels like when I came
over to to race in the early 90s. You
know, I knew racing, massively
passionate about racing, but I'd never
run a a racing team uh before. So, I had
kind of the street credibility of having
been over here for so long and being a
familiar face in Formula 1, but they all
knew me as a marketing guy that used to
to race. I mean, because just to slow
down a little bit, that was kind of the
the the marvel or that was the thing of
your career. You'd been a racer, but you
needed to raise money as a young guy.
So, you figured out how to get marketing
deals and eventually you turned that
into a marketing business, right? So,
>> correct. which I then went on and sold
to uh Chime Communications, a a London
PLC. So, I I was comfortable with the
size of the racing team. We're about
1400 people. When I ran uh CSM, which is
the sports marketing division, that was
about 1500 people. Uh I knew the sport
inside out. I knew a lot of the people,
but I never run a a racing team. And
specifically what I'm not is a technical
guru. But I don't think that's my well I
know it's not my job. My job is to
assemble the best people in the world,
getting them working really well
together, understand what their needs
are, and help them be the best at what
they do. So I remember the first time I
stood up and I, you know, spoke to it
was probably a thousand people in the
Formula 1 team. you know, they're all
staring at you and you you kind of you
don't know what's going through their
mind and it's probably everything, hey,
this guy's really cool. He used to race,
he loves Formula 1 to what's this guy
doing here? He's never run a Formula 1
team. How long is he going to last? And
I'm so I'm sure it was kind of a a mix
of everything. But I had to kind of just
hold my nerve. I knew I couldn't go at
this alone. So, the first thing I did
was create an awesome leadership team.
And when I came in tried to understand
what were our strengths and and
weaknesses and just try and get build tr
uh trust through transparency
energy through you know some some fun
and and being hardworking and hard
charging and get people believing that
we were going to change. And one of the
first things we did our fans have all
said we want papaya. So, we went to a
papaya car and I remember someone saying
>> that's the color of the car,
>> the color of our car. And I remember
someone saying to me, "You're only doing
that because that's what the fans want."
I was like, "That trick question.
[laughter] That's exactly what we're
doing." And you used the word earlier,
entertainment. We're in, you know,
there's some people in our sport and
there's some people in sport who don't
see sport as entertainment. I don't
understand that at all. If you buy a
ticket to go watch a fireworks show, a
baseball game, a motor race, a boxing
match, a movie, that's entertainment.
So, we are in the entertainment
business. And so, I focused on our our
fans because without great fans, you
don't get great commercial partners.
Without great commercial partners, you
can't invest in great racing drivers and
great technology. So kind of making sure
that every part of our ecosystem was
getting what they needed to to see the
best of McLaren and we created this
momentum and and the energy that we have
inside McLaren now is awesome. You know,
we push very hard. We're kind of chasing
perfection knowing you're never going to
be perfect, but you still are motivated
to chase it. So you get everyone to a
mindset of um never being satisfied
knowing that you can always improve on
what you did yesterday, but do that with
a positive intent instead of being this,
oh man, this guy's never satisfied. No,
it's not that I'm not satisfied. I just
know we can always do better. And I know
how strong our competition is that if we
don't continue to chase perfection, the
competition will pass us. I feel like
these are the two pillars of the Zack
Brown playbook. Like one is your
relentlessness, and we'll get to that.
But the other one you just mentioned was
uh knowing that you're in the
entertainment business and really
wanting to serve the fans. And so, you
know, I see here, you know, you're not
like sitting on the couch, but I kind of
want to put you on the couch here and
take you [laughter] back to your
childhood because, you know, this is in
your book. It's a very transparent book.
That's one of the things that I enjoyed
about it was that transparency and
really that vulnerability and and and I
let's go back to what what by your own
account is a formative moment for you
and this is a story I just want to make
sure that our readers here because it's
it's a crazy story. If this is a movie
of your life, this story is going to
happen. You're 13 and one of the
greatest greatest baseball legends in
history tells you to off.
>> Can we say that? [laughter]
>> You just did. I'm glad you said it. Not
me. But true story, true story. So, if
you could just just briefly relate how
that happened and who was the legend in
question.
>> So, it was uh probably the start of my
sales career, which is, you know,
figuring out how to get to someone. And
uh I read in the TV guide, that's how
old I am. The TV guide, there used to be
a book that came out there, you know,
here's what's gonna be on TV this week.
And of course, it had stories in it and
it uh talked about how this uh player uh
played golf at Preston Trails Country
Club. So, what do you do? I call Preston
Trails Country Club because I want to
meet my hero or at least have a
conversation with him, get an autograph
baseball.
>> And that time you lived in where? LA or
>> And I was living in LA.
>> And the golf course is in Dallas.
>> In Dallas. So, I'm calling for two
weeks. And is this guy in? Is this guy
in? Is this guy in? Nope. Nope. Nope.
One day. Hold on. like, "Oh my god, I'm
gonna talk to him." Well, I call him in
off the golf course. Now that I play
golf, I kind of understand why he was a
bit agitated because it's not, you know,
unless he was on the first tea box, you
know, it's 20 minutes to get in. Picks
up the phone and I'm like, "Is this
Mickey Manel?" And he chewed me out like
there was no tomorrow. Hung up the
phone. So, I'm 13. I'm in my room. My
mom comes in and she's like, "What
happened?" I tell her the story. She
disappears 30 minutes later. Uh she
comes in, she goes, "Pack your bags.
We're going to Dallas tomorrow. We're
going to spend half a day with Mickey
Manel at the Hilton." And uh she called
him back. He thought it was a prank
call. Hence the uh abbreviated
conversation.
And um yeah, I mean that's the type of I
think tenacity you need to have in in in
business. If you want something, you got
to go get it. You can't be shy. So
that's my uh that's my Mickey Man story.
One of my favorite scenes in the book.
It's the final race of the 2024 season.
>> Who will we call the champion
constructor of the world?
>> This is make or break, especially for
your driver and things are
>> perhaps for your other driver not going
well.
>> CONTACT, MASSIVE CONTACT. OSCAR PASTRY.
>> Some people might think you're on the
radio telling them, you know, blah blah
blah, you got to do this or it's time to
win. you know, everything's on the line,
but you highlight that you don't do
that, right? There's strict
communication channels. You're not on
the radio with the driver, uh,
micromanaging. And I think this is a
management situation that's really
interesting for business people out
there that I I based in San Francisco.
There's this idea that CEOs uh, in this
new era of tech are either sleeping on
the factory floor or spending all night
coding themselves uh, in it down in in
the micromanaging world. But you're kind
of painting a picture here that what's
important is to sometimes not
micromanage. And I'm curious why this is
important, why this is a lesson that
some managers should take away.
>> Yeah, I used to micromanage a lot,
right? When you start your own company
and you're the first employee, you do,
you know, I was everything from CEO to
mail room to receptionist to everything
else because it was me. And as that
company grew, uh, JMI,
you it eventually got to a scale where
you have to kind of
>> just marketing international, JMI,
>> dress marketing international and and
and trust your people. And so now I
can't do the work of,400 people. And
there was a moment where you have to let
go and become a manager. And I I I think
I've had to learn how to become a
manager because that's a different skill
set. sometimes than being a a a doer.
And so, you know, I've got a great
leadership team. We all challenge each
other. They challenge me. You know, I
don't care who's right or wrong. I just
want the best ideas, which don't have to
be my ideas. Sometimes they are,
sometimes they aren't. I think you learn
by mistakes. Just don't make the same
mistake twice is what I say. You know
what I won't do is let a car crash
happen. You know, if if I see something
and I'm just like, "No, no, no, because
this is just going to end it." And it
comes back to risk versus reward. But
who feels uh excited as a teammate if
the boss is coming in and making
decisions for them? Especially because I
know I'm I'm definitely not always
right. And so I think you got to get the
right blend of empowering people,
trusting people, giving them your
insight. if I feel super strongly about
something, I really step in. But if I'm
kind of like, you know what, I do it a
different way, but let's try it your
way. Usually they're right and I'm
wrong, and I'm good with that. You know,
it's interesting because it is figuring
out that balance is a challenge, right?
And even in your book, you you get into
kind of showing how it can be a
challenge. Another part of your book,
you're talking about McLaren getting
into indie racing and it was a little
bit of a challenge that those early
days, right? you had some problems and I
part of your diagnosis
really gets into perhaps you weren't
putting enough time in it yourself and
and so I I I wonder what's the
difference between being a micro and
macro? How do you know from your gut
when to do what?
>> Well, I so I I completely screwed that
up and that was all on me. I think I
underestimated the task at hand.
I think I overestimated
the majority, not all, majority of
people I put in as leadership to go try
and tackle the Indy500. And then I
didn't trust my instinct. I had red
flags all along the way early on, but I
got talked out of my red flags. And
because I was so focused,
understandably, on Formula 1, it was
like, "Okay, fine. and I kind of just
heard what I wanted to hear. So, I
learned so much from that. I don't
regret it at all. I certainly didn't
feel good about it at the time, but
since then, we've gone back. We've had
our most successful year in Indie Car.
We had 12 podiums this last year. We
finished second in the championship
since not qualifying at Indie. I look
back on that in in in a weird perverse
way is kind of fondly because it made me
a better CEO. I think it made us a
better race team and it taught us a lot
of lessons. Tough lessons, but taught us
lessons.
>> So, you're about to enter a year where
you're going to have to use all of that
knowledge, all of those hard-earned
lessons. I think even casual fans of the
sport of F1 don't realize kind of what's
on the line for 2026. Um, it's a huge
change to the rules. Consequently, it's
a huge change to the nature, to the
design of the cars. They're like 50/50
electric and uh you know gas now. I mean
they're they're hybrid vehicles. There's
going to have to be energy management. I
mean it's a huge technical challenge as
much as it is about team strategy. And
uh you know often the leaders in one
area one era of technology and rules uh
in Formula 1 are not the leaders in the
next era. Can McLaren hold on to the
crown after this transition in 2026?
We're going to try like hell, that's for
sure. [laughter] Um, can we? Of course.
Uh, will we? Time will tell. Are we
assuming we're going to? No, we're
working super hard. I I uh I kind of
live with a little bit of paranoia and a
little bit of fear of failure. Uh, which
motivates me. We've got unbelievable
people, great technology, we're all
aligned. The culture in here is awesome.
And that's the magic that gave us this
great race car the last two years. So
that magic still is here, but it's new
rules. And someone might figure, you
know, 2% separates the best from the
worst in Formula 1. Even the worst
Formula 1 team is really good. So we
just got to do the best we can. I
focused on stability. So we have very
little change in our racing team. So the
same people that put together the Magic
this year are the same people that are
going to go again in 26. and we just
keep doing what we're doing because what
we're doing is working.
>> You know, a quick thing that I want to
ask you about because I think it's big
not just for you but for kind of the
whole media industry which is going
through a lot of consolidation. It's
this Apple deal.
>> Welcome back. Big news today. Apple and
Formula 1 reaching a 5-year US media
rights deal that will bring all the
races to Apple TV in the US.
>> Apple just signed a deal to stream uh
Formula 1 exclusively for the next 5
years for $750 million
>> reportedly. reportedly, [laughter] I
should say, everyone has said that for a
streamer to be competitive going
forward, they've got to have the big
sports franchises. I don't need to
mention everybody else locking down
deals with, you know, NBA, NFL, etc.
That seems huge for both of you. It
seems like a huge risk, but a
potentially a huge payoff. I mean, what
do you think this these American rights
are going to mean for [snorts] Formula 1
going forward?
>> I I think it's great, right? They uh
kind of wet their appetite with uh the
movie.
>> When was the last time you [music] won a
race?
>> Sunday Daytona.
>> Oh, I'm sorry. I meant Formula 1.
>> Oh, I'm sorry. Then same as you.
>> Formula 1 movie, which uh I understand
is the biggest sports movie of all time.
Brad Pitt's biggest movie of all time.
So huge success. So I'm sure that played
into their uh excitement. And then I
think in today's day and age, everyone's
watching content whether it's Netflix,
right? That's not um you know free to
air TV and look at what Netflix has done
for our sport. So I think the amount of
enthusiasm Eddie Q I think led the
charge big car guy
>> Apple senior Apple executive
>> senior he's on the board of Ferrari his
last time.
>> Yep. So you got a big car guy there with
a lot of passion who understands the
sport. Obviously, they have a tremendous
amount of resources. They're global and
they have all these different platforms
in which they can activate and so I
think it's going to be uh great what
they're able to do and you know I don't
really see any downside risk. I only see
upside.
>> You know, one of the things we started
talking about at the beginning is just
the drama around this sport. This it's
entertainment. And Netflix has really
put a lot of attention on that. And this
year, one of those big storylines has
been how your two drivers, Oscar and
Lando, have been neck andneck to to take
the top position uh for the drivers. And
I think this is something that managers
sometimes have to deal with. How do you
manage two stars within an organization?
You know, some
>> Yeah, we should ask our managers, Tim.
>> Well, yeah. I mean, poor Emma Tucker.
She's got two wild stallions here that
she's got to keep from tearing each
other up. Though I've worked for some
people who like they like they kind of
put the idea is let's put two cats in a
bag and see who comes out. Right.
There's you know I think there's
different philosophies. How do you think
about how to manage two big uh
personalities, two big stars, people who
really are performing for the the good
of the business? How do you make it a
win-win?
>> Yeah. So I think uh first you need the
right characters, right? So, we spoke at
the top of the hour about culture and
environment. Like, I think part of the
magic is the two individuals that we
have. So, it's a great baseline, right?
Oscar and Lando are two great guys,
fiercely competitive, but they're fair.
I think you treat them fairly
um transparently, so we don't take them
by surprise. They know what the game
plan is. We talk things through. We like
the competition between the two of them.
So where a lot of people are like, "Is
it uncomfortable? Are you afraid? Are
you scared?" No, we're not scared. Like
this is racing. We want to race hard.
Even internal competition because I
think it raises everybody's game. Best
way to win the constructor's
championship is to have two drivers
competing for the world championship.
And the best way to win the world
championship, drivers championship, is
to have two drivers competing for it,
not just one. Of course, the downside is
they can take some points off each
other, which happened in 2007. Lewis
Hamilton and Fernando Aronzo, our two
drivers tied and that allowed Keem Rakin
to come in. But you know what? We'd
rather face that consequence than all
the other consequences of playing
favorites because once you've played
favorites, you won't have two number one
drivers. And and that's not how McLaren
has ever raced. It's kind of when we
hire someone, it's not just for their
technical skills or their racing skills
or whatever skill they have. It's like
do you also fit the McLaren mold and and
our two drivers uh are are wonderful to
work with.
>> Um you know I want to wrap this up where
we began uh you know which is racing as
a metaphor for business and for life.
You know you have talked so much about
your experience on the track informs how
you operate daytoday. So, so if we
imagine that everything in the world
right now it's one big racetrack, you
know, how are you positioning McLaren
for this big pivot in the sport,
everything that's coming and how are you
readying it for what comes next?
>> Yeah. You know, I want us to be the
most, you know, it depends who the
audience is, right? So, I'll go through
our audiences first and foremost fans
because without fans, we won't have any
other audiences. I want fans to feel an
attachment to McLaren, our drivers, me,
anyone that's in a papaya shirt because
that's how I felt towards Mickey Manel,
just being very engaged with our fans,
our our workplace. That's what drives
our culture. That's what drives
performance. I I don't believe
uh other teams steal employees, steal
drivers, steal sponsors, steal fans. I
think you lose them. So, I look in the
mirror. If someone can get a logo off my
shirt and on a competitor's shirt, shame
on me. I clearly did something wrong. Uh
media, we want to be totally transparent
with media where they feel they can come
talk to us and they're going to get the
the straight scoop. If we can't say
something, it's IP related or what,
we'll just be straight. So, I want the
media to feel like they can get a good
engagement with McLaren. And then of
course our our shareholders, they want
us to win first and foremost and have a
robust business. And so as I look at our
various key stakeholders, we're just
very focused on delivering what they
expect out of McLaren racing and having
fun doing it.
>> All right, Zach Brown, thank you very
much for your time today.
>> You could say we raced through a lot of
things. [laughter]
>> We did.
>> We're in the racing business. Thank you.
>> Appreciate it.
>> [music]